Since my //Todo does not show up on Github this does not need a // and just is a txt file

----------Bugs-------------------
Make sure currency is rounded down and costs rounded up
Fix header collapse on crime table

----------UI---------------------
When you change tabs remember the last scroll position of that tab.
A page to show some stats about the game. ie how many rebirths.
Add somewhere to see multipliers for skills/Jobs
If net income is negative, show years till bankruptcy

----------Features---------------
Add job categories: Academic, Medical and Criminal. 
    Medical unlocks only for good heroes, criminal for bad 
    Add more jobs + skills with unlocks related to good/evil  

Add offline / paused time that can be spend on speeding up the game

Add FAQ + multiplier breakdown
    Many people don't understand the max level calculation.

Add age mechanic 
    - multiplier (<1) to physical after age 35
    - multiplier (<1) to physical after mental 50
    - add stuff to delay start
    
----------Maintenance------------
Split code over more useful categories (main.js and UI update is getting a bit long)
Move all colours to CSS
    Pick RG or hex format for colours
    Better colours. Esp for light mode

Change headers to classes with colours set in CSS
Clean up CSS!
    remove the w3 crap
----------Uncategorised----------

Host: https://pages.github.com/
    go to folder project
    

    git clone https://github.com/The-Woodchuck/The-Woodchuck.github.io

Automation tab
    Auto pause: on new job /skill unlocks
    Make auto-learn use exp/day and remaining to work out what to level next.
    Add a filter to turn on and off skills to learn.
    A more complex auto-learn that lets you give detailed instructions on what level you want each skill and in what order.
        ie "Train Productivity to 50" -> "Train Meditation to 50" -> "Train Productivity to 100" -> "Train Strength to 100" etc


Add villain fight mechanic
    On win: Absorb superpower
    Player can choose: kill (get evil point), imprison (get good point), let go (no points, but can absorb again)
    Kill/imprison. Spawn new villain of same tier, but 10% stronger. Receive if (villain tier) hero points for first kill of that tier
    
    if first win in Tier 2 prestige, add he
Add superpowers

Add tier 2 prestige 
    reset tiers to allow more hero points

Add hero points to be spent


Add combat simulator on first death
Add FAQ with unlocks as you unlock more mechanics
Add achievements
Add housing, items and Armory
Add weaponsmiths (hired inventors that upgrade armory items)
Armory items: hat, shirt, pants, shoes, gloves, weapon
    Choose bonus per item (e.g. hat boost int)
    Weaponsmith has chance to increase random item per day.
    Weaponsmiths are expensive - ideally goes along the "rich" superpower
Minigames:
    Sudoku solver. Provides Int exp. At high int, start unlocking Automation
    Something for strength?

     
